Update pre-created namespace docs (#421)
astronomer/docs: software/pre-create-namespaces.md

After configuring this feature, users will be required to select a namespace from the pool whenever they create a new Deployment. After they create a Deployment, the namespace they select will no longer be available for any users or new Deployments. Once a Deployment is deleted, its namespace will be returned to the pool and again become available for use.

### When To Use Pre-Created Namespaces

When a user creates a new Deployment via the UI or CLI, Astronomer Software creates the necessary Airflow components and isolates them in a dedicated Kubernetes namespace. These Airflow components depend on Kubernetes resources such as secrets, roles, and service accounts.

By default, Astronomer protects your Deployment's sensitive resources by using dedicated service accounts for parts of your Deployment that need to interact with external components. To manage this process, Astronomer Software itself needs extensive cluster-level permissions, which can pose security risks when other applications are running in the same cluster.

> By configuring a pool of pre-created namespaces, Astronomer Software requires permissions only for the individual namespaces you configure. If your organization does not want Astronomer Software to have cluster-level permissions in your multi-tenant cluster, then we recommend configuring this feature.

Reviewer: More general comment, but I think we should return the example, and Kube explanation on namespace vs cluster permissions - for both internal and external purposes. It gives Customer Success and Sales talking points. What are "sensitive resources" and why is it a problem to give Astronomer Software cluster-level permissions?

Author: I added back a bit of info from the original draft, mainly that the resources in question are secrets and that the permissions are a problem only if you are in a cluster with other applications.

         verbs: ["get", "list", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["endpoints"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "update", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["limitranges"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "watch", "patch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["nodes"]
         verbs: ["get", "list", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["nodes/proxy"]
         verbs: ["get"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["persistentvolumes"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "watch", "patch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["replicationcontrollers"]
         verbs: ["list", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["resourcequotas"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "patch", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: [""]
         resources: ["services"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "patch", "update", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: ["apps"]
         resources: ["statefulsets"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "list", "patch", "watch"]
       - apiGroups: ["apps"]
         resources: ["daemonsets"]

>          verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "patch"]

Reviewer: Line 105-107 should be removed. We don't actually need it. Sorry, will update notion doc.

## Overview

This guide explains how to configure and use pre-created namespaces on Astronomer Software.

Hosting Astronomer Software in a multi-tenant Kubernetes cluster poses challenges around security and resource contention. To address these challenges, you can configure a pool of pre-created namespaces and limit Astronomer Software's permissions exclusively to these namespaces.

> After configuring this feature, users will be required to select a namespace from the pool whenever they create a new Deployment. After they create a Deployment, the namespace they select will no longer be available for any users or new Deployments. Once a Deployment is deleted, its namespace will be returned to the pool and again become available for use.

Author: Moving that first sentence to the next section, I think it fits better there

In Kubernetes, there are two main levels of permissions. You can grant a service account permissions for an entire cluster, or you can grant permissions for existing namespaces. Astronomer uses cluster-level permissions because, by default, the amount of Deployments to manage is unknown. This level of permissions is appropriate if Astronomer Software is running in its own dedicated cluster, but can pose security risks when other applications are running in the same cluster.

For example, consider Astronomer's Commander service, which controls creating, updating, and deleting Deployments. By default, Commander has permissions to interact with secrets, roles, and service accounts for all applications in your cluster. The only way to mitigate this risk is by implementing pre-created namespaces.

:::

## Prerequisites

To configure pre-created namespaces, you need:

- Helm.

> - kubectl with access to the cluster hosting Astronomer Software.

Reviewer 2: Links?

> ## Step 1: Configure Namespaces for use with Astronomer Software

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Create a Pool of Namespaces
```

Author: I don't think this is technically correct. You are just creating the namespaces here - they aren't yet configured as a pool or grouped together, that happens in the Helm config.

         resources: ["rolebindings"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get", "patch"]
       - apiGroups: ["authentication.k8s.io"]
         resources: ["tokenreviews"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete"]
       - apiGroups: ["authorization.k8s.io"]
         resources: ["subjectaccessreviews"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete"]
       - apiGroups: ["kubed.appscode.com"]
         resources: ["searchresults"]
         verbs: ["get"]
       - apiGroups: ["policy"]
         resources: ["poddisruptionbudgets"]
         verbs: ["create", "delete", "get"]
       ---
       apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
       kind: RoleBinding
       metadata:
         name: deployment-commander-rolebinding
         namespace: <your-namespace-name> # Should be namespace you are granting access to
       roleRef:
         apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
         kind: Role
         name: deployment-commander-role # Should match name of Role
       subjects:
       - namespace: astronomer # Should match namespace where SA lives
         kind: ServiceAccount
         name: astronomer-commander # Should match service account name, above
       ```

> 2. Save this file and name it `commander.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: Should this file be called something else depending on the namespace? If the user repeats steps 1-3, they'll have a ton of files named the same thing

Author: I think you can continually apply the same file with different values, and Kube will just continue adding namespaces regardless of the file name. I can make it clear that the file can be reused

Reviewer: Yes, it really doesn't matter _what_ the file is called. You can reuse the same one, and just update the namespaces. Or you can have one per namespace if you are saving them for reference somewhere.

3. In the Kubernetes cluster hosting Astronomer Software, run `kubectl apply -f commander.yaml`.
4. Repeat steps 1-3 every namespace you want to add to your pool.

> ## Step 2: Configure Astronomer Software

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Configure Astronomer to Use Namespace Pool
```

      manualNamespaceNamesEnabled: true
      clusterRoles: false

    astronomer:
      houston:
        config:
          deployments:

            # Enable manual namespace names
            manualNamespaceNames: true
            # Pre-created namespace names
            preCreatedNamespaces:
              - name: <namespace-name-1>
              - name: <namespace-name-2>
              - name: <namespace-name-x>

            # Allows users to immediately reuse a pre-created namespace by hard deleting the associated Deployment
            # If set to false, you'll need to wait until a cron job runs before the Deployment record is deleted and the namespace is added back to the pool
            hardDeleteDeployment: true

      commander:
        env:
          - name: "COMMANDER_MANUAL_NAMESPACE_NAMES"
            value: true
    ```

2. Save the changes in your `config.yaml` and update Astronomer Software as described in [Apply a Config Change](apply-platform-config.md).

You should now be able to create new Deployments using a namespace from your pre-created namespace pool.

## Creating Deployments in Pre-Created Namespaces

> After enabling the Pre-Created Namespace Pool, the namespaces you registered earlier will appear as an option when creating a new Deployment via the Software UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After enabling the pre-created namespace pool, the namespaces you registered earlier will appear as an option when creating a new Deployment via the Software UI.
```

We're not capitalizing above

![Kubernetes Namespace option in the UI](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/astronomer-ui/kubernetes-namespace.png)

> Alternatively, when you create Deployments via the CLI, you will be prompted to select one of the available namespaces for your new Deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a Deployment via the Astronomer CLI, you will be prompted to select one of the available namespaces for your new Deployment.
```

> If no namespaces are available, you will receive an error when creating new Deployments in both the CLI and UI. To reuse a pre-created namespace, you first need to return the namespace to the pool by deleting the Deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no namespaces are available, you will receive an error when creating new Deployments in both the Astronomer CLI and Software UI. To reuse a namespace that's already in use, the corresponding Deployment has to first be deleted. Once a Deployment is deleted, its namespace will be released back to the namespace pool and can be used for a new Deployment.
```

Author: Not sure why we shifted all language from active to passive here. I feel confident in the first version of this paragraph
